unify xpu and cpu backend and use paged attention (#1009)
huggingface/optimum-intel: docs/source/ipex/inference.mdx

## Loading

You can load your model and apply IPEX optimizations (apply torch.compile for non-generation tasks). For supported architectures like LLaMA, BERT and ViT, further optimizations will be applied by patching the model to use custom operators.

> For now, support is enabled for Intel CPU/GPU. The TorchScript is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, support is enabled for Intel CPU/GPU. Previous models converted to TorchScript will be deprecated in v1.22.
```
